🌿 Graph-Greener
GitHub stars

🌟 Make Your GitHub Contribution Graph Vibrant and Active! 🌟
Welcome to Graph-Greener, the ultimate Python tool to help you paint your GitHub contribution graph green with backdated commits! Whether you want to showcase your activity or create beautiful patterns, this tool makes it easy and fun.

🚀 What is Graph-Greener?
Graph-Greener is a lightweight, user-friendly Python script that generates backdated commits in your GitHub repository, filling your contribution graph with green squares.
Perfect for developers who want a visually appealing and active profile.

##VIDEO LINK

📋 Prerequisites
🐍 Python 3.x installed on your machine
🛠️ Git installed and configured with your GitHub account
💻 Basic familiarity with terminal or command prompt usage
🛠️ How to Use Graph-Greener
Create a private repository on GitHub named priv.
This keeps your main projects clean and dedicated for this purpose.

Clone your priv repository to your local machine:
git clone https://github.com/YOUR_USERNAME/priv.git

cd priv
Create a file named data.txt inside the cloned priv folder.
This file will be modified by the script to generate commits.

Copy the main.py script into the priv folder.
You can download main.py from this repository or copy it manually.

Run the script:
python main.py

Follow the on-screen prompts:

Enter the number of commits you want to generate
Confirm or change the repository path (default is current directory)
Confirm or change the filename to modify (default is data.txt)
The script will create backdated commits and push them to your priv repository.

Check your GitHub profile after a few minutes to see your contribution graph fill up with green squares!

⭐ Support & Feedback
If you find this tool useful, please give this repository a ⭐ star to support the project!
Feel free to open issues or submit pull requests for improvements.

⚠️ Disclaimer
This tool is intended for fun and personal use to visualize activity on your GitHub profile.
It does not replace real contributions or project work.

Please use responsibly and ethically.

Happy coding! 🚀
